# Database-Application
Project created as a part of acceptance exam of europebet 
## Assignment
Develop a console-based ecommerce application that includes the following commands: save_product,
purchase_product, order_product, get_quantity_of_product, get_average_price, get_product_profit,
get_fewest_product, get_most_popular_product and exit. You can use any programming language and
technology for this task. There is no need to store data persistently; feel free to use an in-memory cache
library if desired.
Each command has one or more parameters. For instance, the order_product command requires the
product_id and quantity parameters. Here's an example of a complete command: order_product
phone001 7
Command descriptions and parameters:
 save_product {product_id} {product_name} {product_price}: Add a new product to the catalog
or modify an existing one.
o save_product prod001 iphone 2800
 purchase_product {product_id} {price quantity} {price}: Purchase a product, increasing its
balance based on the specified quantity.
o purchase_product prod001 10 2500
 order_product {product_id} {quantity}: Place an order for the product, decreasing its balance
according to the specified quantity.
o order_product prod001 3
 get_quantity_of_product: Return the remaining quantity of a specific product.
o get_quantity_of_product prod001
o 7
 get_average_price {product_id}: Calculate and display the average price of a specific product
based on its purchase history. Scenario: You purchased 10 phone001 for 2000 and later
purchased 30 more phone001 for 3000. The average price of phone001 is 2750 based on the
purchase history.
o get_ average_price prod001
o 7
 get_product_profit {product_id}: Calculate and display the profit earned from a specific product
by comparing the average purchase price with the average order price. Scenario: Scenario: You
purchased 10 phones for 2000 and later purchased 30 more phones for 3000. Then, you sold 5
phones for 3500, 10 phones for 3800, and 15 phones for 4000. Average purchase price – 2750;
average order price – 4500; profit per unit – 1750; total profit - 52500.
o get_quantity_of_product prod001
o 7
 get_fewest_product: Return the name of the product with the lowest remaining quantity.
o get_fewest_product
o iphone
 get_most_popular_product: Return the name of the product with the highest number of
orders.
o get_ most_popular_product
o iphone
 exit: Close the console application.
Include a Dockerfile with the appropriate configuration in your solution folder to enable your application
to run in Docker. There are many resources available for Docker and Dockerfile configurations suitable
for various programming languages and technologies.
To build and run your project using Docker, execute the following command:
docker build -t ecommerceapp . && docker run --rm -i ecommerceapp

Bonus Tasks (Optional):
In addition to the main tasks outlined earlier, you may choose to take on the following bonus tasks to
further enhance the functionality and complexity of your console-based ecommerce application. These
bonus tasks are optional and not required to complete the main assignment
get_orders_report Generate a report of all orders, including the product ID, product name, quantity,
price, cost of goods sold (COGS), and selling price.
export_orders_report {path}: Export the report generated by the get_orders_report command to a CSV
file at the specified file path.
